[exporter/signalfx] Option to drop histogram buckets. part-1 (#25893)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: exporter/signalfxexporter/README.md

  api_tls:
      ca_file: "/etc/opt/certs/ca.pem"
  ```

> - `drop_histogram_buckets`:  (default = `false`) if this set to true then histogram buckets will not be translated and propagated into Sfx data points.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `drop_histogram_buckets`:  (default = `false`) if set to true, histogram buckets will not be translated into datapoints with `_bucket` suffix
  but will be dropped instead, only datapoint with `_sum`, `_count`, `_min` (optional) and `_max` (optional) will be sent.
```

Author: thanks

Reviewer: The second line is missed :)

Author: :(, Friday making me slow ... sorry!
